React
-----

npx create-react-app appname  -create an app in react

npm start                     - run app

building blocks of react
------------------------

html
css
js

Angular                               React
--------                             -------
-framework of js          |          -library of js
(not developer friendly)             (developer friendly)
-real DOM                 |          -virtual DOM
(Re-runs the entire dom if            (Re-runs  only the portain that was changed/updated if any change occurs)
an single change occurs)  |
works slower              |          -works faster
                                      Next.js (framework of React)
only class based components          -class based and function based components can be used
are used.                                     

Advantages of React
-------------------
1. React uses Virtual DOM (faster)
2. reuseable components
3. jsx - (javascript Xml)  
4. fast and flexible

components in react
-------------------

1. class based - statefull components
2. function based - stateless components

hooks - used to add external features to our project
- React hooks 


state
------
object used to store data inside a component in react

useState -  Hook used to create a state.  
library - react


props  (short form oh properties)
-----
To share data from parent to child component we have to use props technique
Destructuring
-------------
used to make the props concept much more easier.

API call in js
--------------

Ajax - api call in js

-XmlHttprequest
-fetch
-async await

useEffect
---------
library - react
useEffect-- it is a hook similar to ngonInit and constructor.it is the first
working hook of a component.
if we want to view anything upon opening itself then we can use useEffect hook


Redirection/Routing in react
----------------------------

react-router-dom   - library used for Routing

Browser Router  - wraps the main component inside browser router component
Route          - wraps the component inside Router which needs Redirection
Routes          - wraps all the router if we set more than one component paths


Link - A component in react-router-dom used for Redirection

useParams - hook  in react-router-dom used to access params

Redux
------
coupling - sharing of data from  parent to child through the sub-componentsis known as coupling

when coupling increases in components there is a chance of props drilling
props drilling - at the time of data sharing from parent to child if any intermidiate component have any
errors then the data will stuck there

Redux - State management technology
if A wants to transfer data to c then it is transfered directly without passing through B.inorder to avoid 
props drilling.thus introduced Redux

we need to reduce coupling and make all component independent to avoid props drilling

store -a file used to store data in redux.
All components can access data inside store

libraries for Redux
-------------------

-redux
-react-redux
-redux-thunk

npm i redux react-redux redux-thunk

create store --      Method in redux used to create a store

In redux middleware is used to make redux as asynchronous(actually redux is synchrounous 
so all asynchrounous function inside redux will behave as synchrounous)

thunk --    used to create middleware